Add separate prior work document. (#21)
ossf/wg-supply-chain-integrity: prior_work.md

## Prior Work

This document contains a list of links and pointers to other efforts going on in this space.

Feel free to add below!

> * Keybase.io had a service to verify identities for social media and send encrypted messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Keybase.io](https://keybase.io/) has a service (now part of Zoom) to discover users' public keys to send encrypted messages.
```

  The original system and open source command line program allowed you to get a public key safely, just by knowing a person's username on a social network.
* [Debian](https://wiki.debian.org/DebianDeveloper/JoinTheProject/NewMember#Step_4:_Identification) generally requires identity verification of maintainers/developers.
  Pseudonymous contributions are only allowed in special circumstances.

> * [Fedora](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Join_the_package_collection_maintainers#Introduce_yourself) prefers/requires real name communication for maintainers, but doesn't attempt to require it.

Reviewer: "prefers/requires... require" is contradictory
